# Cornell Elementary School 

A Github webpage displaying:

- Circles (nodes) which may change location, color, or size in response to changes in Google Sheet values.

- Single polygons (areas) which change color in response to changes in "Cornell Room Sensors" or "Picarro4PM" Google Sheet values.

- Single polygons (areas) which display the outline of the OSM School Buildings & School Grounds.

- Lines (ways) which display OSM roads and paths.

## CO2 Sensor Data

- The property polygon displays the outside CO2 value per the CO2 color gradient. Data from 4pm the previous day is pulled into a Google Sheet via Google Apps Script each morning between 9 and 10 AM. Thease data are are stored in the "[Picarro4PM](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vT7Pfesayb3ZWqTwZC_tRmkTd_Q4xOb1LEumaloOSByqkxR_bCY5duYzvVfn8DuupaORpeKQ64zHzHR/pubhtml)" Google Sheet .

- CO2 - Level 0 & Level 1 ppm values are shown per room polygon and are manually entered in the "[Cornell Room Sensors](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vQ-d_NzjzpbEVKq66-RUzki_3-oo_lPvFHGhuIrOnMY-VIigGVjP2b5OqIJcaYolE-z88vxhaOGumut/pubhtml?gid=1809780250&single=true)" Google Sheet. Fixed room sensor data may be at an hourly interval or reported as a max daily, weekly, or monthly value. 

- CO2 - Crowdsense mobile CO2 ppm values are entered with the "CO2 Crowdsense" Google Form wherein participants enter longitude, latitude, Level, and Room # (when applicable), and are stored in the "[CO2 Crowdsense (response)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vTT1AN5PpyoMPB2_IjV4RfPVRZCGMUTQN_uBEA_pgf6NbrelQ6tntjiysCeECEOoXwc5RuDyaP1DCB-/pubhtml?gid=768142103&single=true)" Google Sheet.

## Resource Data

- Electricity (kWh), natural gas (kBTU), and water (gal) are manually entered with the "Meter Reading Form" Google Form and are displayed as a circle node which changes size.

## Geometry

- Map geometry and meter legend are rendered using d3.js.

- Room polygons are geojson files stored in GitHub and are tagged as Level 0 or Level 1. 

- Streets and building outlines are geojson generated by overpass-turbo export and stored locally. 

- Tree and entrance node data are from OSM and are stored in local csv files.

- CO2 PPM color gradient SVG code generated by Inkscape. 

- Layer toggles are html + css.

## Instructions

- Forthcoming
